All right, well, I think we'll
start off with the solution for
the prototype pattern
exercise in that case.
I'm just gonna open this
again in stack blitz,
I'm just gonna make the font size a bit
bigger, I hope this was big enough.
On the prototype pattern we of course,
first have to create the constructor
that contains all the unique elements.
And on this create user factory function
you can see that the object that
gets returned that first name, last name,
full name and email are all unique.
So when we create a new class or
just do class user, the constructor,
which again, takes all these
arguments that we had before.
So then we have like this at first name,
this first name,
I see that I made a syntax error here.
I make syntax errors everywhere,
okay, this last name is last name.
This email is email, and
then we also have a unique full name,
which is both of them combined.
So this step full name is, again,
I'm just gonna copy-paste this,
this our first name and this last name.
Now, we also have these methods on here
that are shared among all the users.
So we don't wanna put that
on the constructor but
instead we wanna put
that on the prototype.
So we can do that check last online,
which logs this.
Send email, Which logs this.
And then lastly we have to delete,
Which is that.
So now I can remove this function.
And instead of calling create user,
I can just do a new user, a new user.
So now when we log, I'm just going
to log user and user to first,
I will show that other thing later.
Let's see if this is all implemented,
right?
Yeah, okay, so now we've got two users.
Now, one thing you may notice or that's
actually pretty fun is that when we log,
both the delete methods are like methods
that are available in both of these
objects prototypes, or
we can check if they're strictly equal.
So if we go to node.js,
you can see that it's true.
Okay, now let me go back a bit.
So here, I'm just going to fork this
again, so this should be a new one, fork.
If we were to do that on
the factory function approach and
we checked if they were strictly equal,
it's false because we are creating
new functions in memory every time.
So the reference to that
delete method is like it
refers to a different place in memory.
But on the prototype pattern because
it's using the same prototype, so
it's actually all referring
to the same one it's true.
So here you can, like clearly see okay,
we've just actually created one delete
method instead of two whatever for
what the prototype pattern.
So this is where the whole memory
efficiency thing comes in,
which is pretty cool.
So yeah, this is all we have to do
to create the prototype pattern
for the users.